Building/Parts_List.md, before:

# Parts List

While most parts can be ordered online, the hardest items to find are the iron core slugs.  Only one manufacturer was found, and so a bulk order was placed.  

A large portion of the total is from shipping costs.  To help lower the shipping, I have a limitted quantity of the following parts to offer up at cost.  Please contact me for more information.

	Powdered Iron coil slug, 1/4" dia x 1/2" long (Antenna)
	Powdered Iron coil slug, 3/16" dia x 5/16" long (Oscillator)
	Evergreen Tube 9/32" (enough for two coil forms)
	Evergreen Tube 1/4" (enough for two coil forms)
	Blank PC Board
	Brass strips (enough for three contacts)
	Transistor, 2N5138 PNP
	Transistor, 2N5172 NPN
	Transistor, 2N6027 PUJT


## Full Parts List


|	Quantity	|	Description	|	Notes	|	Approx $	|	Part #	|
|:---------:		|:-------------------------------------------		|:-----------:		|:-----------	|:------------	|:-----------	|:------------	|
|	2	|	Capacitor, 0.01 uf ceramic disc	|	1,a	|	$0.42	|	BC1078CT-ND	|
|	1	|	Capacitor, 3.3uf Tantalum	|	1,11,a	|	$1.97	|	399-4556-ND	|
|	1	|	Capacitor, 33pf ceramic disc	|	1,a	|	$0.29	|	445-180465-1-ND	|
|	4	|	Capacitor, 470pf ceramic disc	|	1,a	|	$1.80	|	BC1021CT-ND	|
|	5	|	Diode, 1N914 (DZ805)	|	1,a	|	$0.50	|	1N914FS-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 100k 1/4w, 10%	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	2019-CF1/4CT52R104JCT-ND	|
|	2	|	Resistor, 10k 1/4w, 5%	|	1,a	|	$0.20	|	CF14JT10K0CT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 150k, 1/4w	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	S150KQCT-ND	|
|	3	|	Resistor, 270k 1/4w, 10%	|	1,a	|	$0.30	|	CF14JT270KCT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 33k 1/4w, 10%	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	CF14JT33K0CT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 56 1/4w, 5%	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	S56QCT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 180 1/2w, 10%	|	2,a	|	$0.10	|	CF12JT180RCT-ND	|
|	1	|	Transistor, 2N5138 PNP	|	3	|	$1.82	|	2368-NTE159-ND	|
|	3	|	Transistor, 2N5172 NPN	|	3	|	$3.80	|	2368-2N5172-ND	|
|	1	|	Transistor, 2N6027 PUJT	|	3	|	$3.10	|	2368-NTE6402-ND	|
|	2	|	A23 Battery	|		|	$1.44	|	N403-ND	|
|	1	|	Wire, 1 3/8" Red	|	4	|		|		|
|	1	|	Wire, 2 1/4" Black	|	4	|		|		|
|	1	|	Wire, 30" White	|	4	|		|		|
|	2	|	Brass Battery Contacts	|	5	|	$5.00	|		|
|		|	PC Board with Coils	|	6	|		|		|
|	1	|	Blank PC Board	|	c	|	$2.50	|		|
|	1	|	Evergreen Tube 9/32"	|	e	|	$6.00	|	229	|
|	1	|	Evergreen Tube 1/4"	|	e	|	$6.00	|	227	|
|	1	|	30-gauge magnet wire	|		|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Battery Cup	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Bottom Transmitter Mount	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Thumb Transmitter Mount	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Top Transmitter Mount	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Powdered Iron coil slug, 1/4" dia x 1/2" long (Antenna)	|	8,c	|	$2.50	|	TH48-0106F 	|
|	1	|	Powdered Iron coil slug, 3/16" dia x 5/16" long (Oscillator)	|	8,c	|	$2.50	|	TH35-0201 	|
|	1	|	Crystal, 27.125 MHz (or frequency of choice)	|	9	|	$10.00	|		|





Part number ending with -ND are sourced from Digikey

#### Notes

1. These parts can be ordered from most electronics suppliers.  If a part is substituted, make sure the new part physically fits in the alloted space.
2. This resistor is only needed for testing, and not needed if you have a current limitted power supply.
3. These parts are hard to find in their original package, but not impossible.
4. These are the lengths given in the Owner's Manual.  
5. The battery contacts are made from 0.01" Brass Strips. 
6. The board with coils must be built from scratch.
7. These parts are printed on a 3D printer.
8. I have a limitted supply of these slugs. Please contact me for more information.
9. Select a crystal that matches the channel for your walkie-talkie.  Typically Channel 11 or 14 are used.  You must purchase the crystal on your own.  Ebay seems to be a good source.  The price listed is approximate.

|	Source	|			Shipping	|
|:--------		|:-------------------------------------------				|
|	a - Digikey	|			$7.00	|
|	b - K&S Precision Metals (Amazon)	|			$4.00	|
|	c - Creator	|			$8.00	|
|	d - NTE Parts Direct	|			$11.00	|
|	e - Evergreen (Amazon)	|			$4.00	|

Commit message:

Added link to Digikey Cart

Building/Parts_List.md, after:

# Parts List

While most parts can be ordered online, the hardest items to find are the iron core slugs.  Only one manufacturer was found, and so a bulk order was placed.  

A large portion of the total is from shipping costs.  To help lower the shipping, I have a limitted quantity of the following parts to offer up at cost.  Please contact me for more information.

	Powdered Iron coil slug, 1/4" dia x 1/2" long (Antenna)
	Powdered Iron coil slug, 3/16" dia x 5/16" long (Oscillator)
	Evergreen Tube 9/32" (enough for two coil forms)
	Evergreen Tube 1/4" (enough for two coil forms)
	Blank PC Board
	Brass strips (enough for three contacts)
	Transistor, 2N5138 PNP
	Transistor, 2N5172 NPN
	Transistor, 2N6027 PUJT


## Full Parts List


|	Quantity	|	Description	|	Notes	|	Approx $	|	Part #	|
|:---------:		|:-------------------------------------------		|:-----------:		|:-----------	|:------------	|:-----------	|:------------	|
|	2	|	Capacitor, 0.01 uf ceramic disc	|	1,a	|	$0.42	|	BC1078CT-ND	|
|	1	|	Capacitor, 3.3uf Tantalum	|	1,11,a	|	$1.97	|	399-4556-ND	|
|	1	|	Capacitor, 33pf ceramic disc	|	1,a	|	$0.29	|	445-180465-1-ND	|
|	4	|	Capacitor, 470pf ceramic disc	|	1,a	|	$1.80	|	BC1021CT-ND	|
|	5	|	Diode, 1N914 (DZ805)	|	1,a	|	$0.50	|	1N914FS-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 100k 1/4w, 10%	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	2019-CF1/4CT52R104JCT-ND	|
|	2	|	Resistor, 10k 1/4w, 5%	|	1,a	|	$0.20	|	CF14JT10K0CT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 150k, 1/4w	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	S150KQCT-ND	|
|	3	|	Resistor, 270k 1/4w, 10%	|	1,a	|	$0.30	|	CF14JT270KCT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 33k 1/4w, 10%	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	CF14JT33K0CT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 56 1/4w, 5%	|	1,a	|	$0.10	|	S56QCT-ND	|
|	1	|	Resistor, 180 1/2w, 10%	|	2,a	|	$0.10	|	CF12JT180RCT-ND	|
|	1	|	Transistor, 2N5138 PNP	|	3	|	$1.82	|	2368-NTE159-ND	|
|	3	|	Transistor, 2N5172 NPN	|	3	|	$3.80	|	2368-2N5172-ND	|
|	1	|	Transistor, 2N6027 PUJT	|	3	|	$3.10	|	2368-NTE6402-ND	|
|	2	|	A23 Battery	|		|	$1.44	|	N403-ND	|
|	1	|	Wire, 1 3/8" Red	|	4	|		|		|
|	1	|	Wire, 2 1/4" Black	|	4	|		|		|
|	1	|	Wire, 30" White	|	4	|		|		|
|	2	|	Brass Battery Contacts	|	5	|	$5.00	|		|
|		|	PC Board with Coils	|	6	|		|		|
|	1	|	Blank PC Board	|	c	|	$2.50	|		|
|	1	|	Evergreen Tube 9/32"	|	e	|	$6.00	|	229	|
|	1	|	Evergreen Tube 1/4"	|	e	|	$6.00	|	227	|
|	1	|	30-gauge magnet wire	|		|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Battery Cup	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Bottom Transmitter Mount	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Thumb Transmitter Mount	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Plastic Top Transmitter Mount	|	7	|		|		|
|	1	|	Powdered Iron coil slug, 1/4" dia x 1/2" long (Antenna)	|	8,c	|	$2.50	|	TH48-0106F 	|
|	1	|	Powdered Iron coil slug, 3/16" dia x 5/16" long (Oscillator)	|	8,c	|	$2.50	|	TH35-0201 	|
|	1	|	Crystal, 27.125 MHz (or frequency of choice)	|	9	|	$10.00	|		|

Part number ending with -ND are sourced from Digikey.  [This](https://www.digikey.com/short/73qt3h2c) link will create a Cart at Digikey with the cooresponding parts added.

#### Notes

1. These parts can be ordered from most electronics suppliers.  If a part is substituted, make sure the new part physically fits in the alloted space.
2. This resistor is only needed for testing, and not needed if you have a current limitted power supply.
3. These parts are hard to find in their original package, but not impossible.
4. These are the lengths given in the Owner's Manual.  
5. The battery contacts are made from 0.01" Brass Strips. 
6. The board with coils must be built from scratch.
7. These parts are printed on a 3D printer.
8. I have a limitted supply of these slugs. Please contact me for more information.
9. Select a crystal that matches the channel for your walkie-talkie.  Typically Channel 11 or 14 are used.  You must purchase the crystal on your own.  Ebay seems to be a good source.  The price listed is approximate.

|	Source	|			Shipping	|
|:--------		|:-------------------------------------------				|
|	a - Digikey	|			$7.00	|
|	b - K&S Precision Metals (Amazon)	|			$4.00	|
|	c - Creator	|			$8.00	|
|	d - NTE Parts Direct	|			$11.00	|
|	e - Evergreen (Amazon)	|			$4.00	|
